Update changelog for 4.43.2 (#3300)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.43.2
==========
### Bug Fix

> **MSAL will now allow the use of different scopes when acquiring tokens for initiated long running processes**. See [2817](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2817)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL will now allow the use of different scopes when acquiring access tokens using a cached refresh token in long running On-Behalf-Of processes**. See [2817](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2817)
```
